# CS-320-Module-Eight-Journal
Contact Service JUnit Testing in Java

In this journal we review our Contact Service application and the testing we conduct on its various methods. Our Contact Service application allows us to add new contacts, delete contacts, and update contacts. There are constraints on the variables within the contact object; for example, the phone number must be exactly 10 digits in length. 

We are able to ensure that our application is functional and secure through rigorous testing. Through our phase of software testing we are able to uncover any issues that occur in our application so we can fix them accordingly to ensure that we have technically sound and secure code. For this Contact Service application we were given the constraints on our object variables and the methods we need to implement. It is our responsibilities as a developer to take these user requirements and translate them into code for our application, this is largely accomplished by observing our boundary values for the constrained values and developing our methods to be air-tight to erroneous interactions; for example, we cannot update contact information if a contact object has not already been created. My approach to designing and developing software is to implement new code based on the user requirements and testing whenever new changes are made to the application. Testing early and often sets up developers for success, and avoid problems with integrating individual parts of a larger system. 
